
If we batch packets together to reduce the bluetooth overhead, it should be possible to calculate the linear motion data on the TI chip,
 at the expense of battery life. While there isn't an FP unit, the MCU isn't doing much right now so it should have enough time to use FP
 emulation if we want it to. 

Could cut the sampling rate to 50hz, FIFO 8 readings at a time from the IMU, then calculate the linear motion, and send 8 readings of both raw and linear 
with timestamps over BLE every ~160ms. Could set the connection interval to be shorter than that in case something gets dropped it wont get behind, though so 
far connection interval requests have been ignored by the computers I test with. It may be possible to set that on the phone app side.

The BLE connection interval will probably have the greatest impact on battery life of the ring, since the radio is the most power hungry component. 
It seems like 15hz is used for the bite counter, so 50hz should be plenty, which allows an even longer interval.

We can use the APEX no-motion to trigger the ICM chip's self calibration, but it must run through an interrupt to the MCU. This should mostly eliminate drift 
in the linear acceleration caused from gyro inaccuracy. This is a good idea no matter where we calculate the linear acceleration.


1. Configure to use FIFO 8 at a time

1.5. Bluetooth with the FIFO 8 at a time

2. configure APEX no-motion to share INT1 with the FIFO ready

3. Add in the self calibration

4. Add in Fusion as a separate branch

Going to stick to 100hz for now.

    GPIO_write(CONFIG_LED_0_GPIO, CONFIG_GPIO_LED_ON);


The raw data could be provided at 100hz, and sensor fusion data at 16.67 hz. Is this useful?
BLE packet of 6 raw with timestamps, and 1 linear accel + sensor fusion data point at the end

Any other interval is also fine, like every 5 raw for 20hz or every 4 raw for 25 hz.

For an inconsistent spacing of raw data, would need to do it on the phone ( like 15hz, every 6.666 is not practical )